Add max_content_size as a mechanism to throttle large prometheus endpoints (#27087)
elastic/beats: metricbeat/module/prometheus/collector/_meta/docs.asciidoc

  metrics_filters:
    include: ["^node_network_net_dev_group$", "^node_network_up$"]
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[float]
=== Setting limits on endpoint sizes

Sometimes endpoints can get too large that they become detrimental to the agent's memory consumption or the underlying storage's stability.

> `max_content_size` can be set to ensure that an endpoint that is larger than a certain size would not get parsed at at. By default there is no set limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`max_content_size` can be set to ensure that an endpoint which's response is larger than a certain size would not get parsed beyond this limit. By default there is no limit set.
```
I think something was not making sense here. Left a quick suggestion but feel free to change it if you prefer something else.
